This JavaScript RSS Box Viewer was coded in RebolTM by Tobi Schaefer 
between 2001 and 2004.

He cannot be held responsible for any uncomfortable situation caused
by the code. That means: sorry, no warranty for anything. It's just
code but I like it. If you do not that's your problem.

Here is an ultra-short guide on how to install the script on your 
own server:

1) Download the RebolTM executable from http://rebol.com and install 
   it at the place of your choice.

2) You need a web server enabled to run RebolTM scripts via the 
   Common Gateway Interface (CGI).
   I recommend Apache [http://httpd.apache.org] because all you have
   to configure is

   AddHandler cgi-script .r
   DirectoryIndex index.r
   
   (But be aware that this is a too simple and pretty insecure 
    set-up, only acceptable as a quick start.)

3) Get the JavaScript RSS Box Viewer script and everything else 
   necessary via CVS. There are many CVS clients out there, some even 
   have a pretty graphical interface. However, for the command line 
   part you might want to use only something like this:

   cvs -d :pserver:anonymous@cvs.p3k.org:/home/cvs login
   [hit return at the prompt, there's no password needed.]

   cvs -d :pserver:anonymous@cvs.p3k.org:/home/cvs ex -r HEAD rss-box

4) If you are on a *nix box check the permission settings of the script 
   and its environment. The web server needs to execute the script as 
   well as to write to the installation directory. Something like the 
   following should do the job:

   chown -R httpd.httpd rss-box
   chmod ug+wx rss-box/index.r

   If you use a different system you should rather ask your system 
   administrator. (That's the technically skilled person you either pay 
   or should have paid a lot of money.)

5) Set the she-bang (ie. the first line of the script starting with "#")
   in the index.r script to the path of your RebolTM installation.

6) Set the baseuri variable in the index.r script to the base URI of
   where your script will be located at.

7) Point your browser to this URI and cross your fingers.

Have Fun!
